Nov 07, 2014 3:40:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:40:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:40:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:40:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:40:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:41:59 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:41:59 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:41:59 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:41:59 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:41:59 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:13 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:13 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:13 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:13 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:13 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:16 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:16 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:16 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:16 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:42:16 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:45 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:45 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:45 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:45 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:45 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:47 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:47 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:47 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:47 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:43:47 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:44:01 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:44:01 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:44:01 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:44:01 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:44:01 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:46:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:46:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:46:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:46:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:46:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:26 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:26 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:26 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:26 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:48:26 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:32 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:32 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:32 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:32 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:49:32 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:11 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:31 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:31 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:31 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:31 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:50:31 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:00 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:00 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:00 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:00 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:00 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:09 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:09 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:09 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:09 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:09 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:48 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:48 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:48 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:48 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:52:48 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:10 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:38 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:38 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:38 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:38 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:53:38 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:55:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:55:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:55:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:55:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 3:55:24 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:00:54 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:00:54 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:00:54 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:00:54 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:00:54 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:28 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:28 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:28 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:28 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:28 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:01:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:02:56 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:02:56 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:02:56 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:02:56 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:02:56 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:07:52 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:07:53 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:205)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:07:53 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:07:53 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 4:07:53 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 5:58:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:183)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 5:58:17 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:184)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 5:58:18 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 5:58:18 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 5:58:18 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:187)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:15 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:15 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:183)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:15 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:184)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:15 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:15 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:33 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:33 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:183)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:33 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:184)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:33 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:08:33 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:10:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:10:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:183)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:10:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:184)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:10:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

Nov 07, 2014 6:10:39 PM mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser handleTimedTask
WARNING: No time found after word 'to' or 'next': Taken as task description
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertToDateFormat(MyTasksParser.java:536)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.handleTimedTask(MyTasksParser.java:422)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.extractDate(MyTasksParser.java:269)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.convertStandard(MyTasksParser.java:169)
	at mytasks.parser.MyTasksParser.parseInput(MyTasksParser.java:119)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.parseInput(MyTasksLogicController.java:126)
	at mytasks.logic.MyTasksLogicController.executeCommand(MyTasksLogicController.java:101)
	at mytasks.logic.IntegrationTesting.testSort(IntegrationTesting.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:483)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.run(JUnit4TestReference.java:50)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.run(TestExecution.java:38)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:459)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTests(RemoteTestRunner.java:675)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.run(RemoteTestRunner.java:382)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.main(RemoteTestRunner.java:192)

